2019/05 - PyDays Vienna - Typos Correction with Lookout (#134)
src-d/conferences: 2019-pydays-vienna/typos-correction-with-lookout.md

# Title of the Talk

**Updates**:  https://github.com/src-d/conferences/issues/133

**Sent on**:  -

**Status**:   on preparation

**Author**:   Irina

**Bio**: Irina is a Junior Machine Learning Engineer at source{d} (sourced.tech).
She pursues a Master's degree in Computer Science and Data Analysis at Moscow
Institute of Physics and Technology and is studying at Yandex School of Data Analysis.

**Slides**:   -

**Abstract**:

> Typos correction takes up a big part of code review process, which can and should be automated. We present Typos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typos correction substitutes a big part of the code review process, and it can and should be automated. We present Typos
```

> automated. We present Typos Corrector - a tool for automatic correction of typos in source code 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automated. I present Typos Corrector - a tool for automatic correction of typos in source code 
```

> Corrector - a tool for automatic correction of typos in code identifiers from pool requests. It is powered by AI and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Corrector - a tool for automatic correction of typos in source code identifiers in pull requests. It is powered by AI and
```

> source{d} Lookout - open source service for assisted code review,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source{d} Lookout - open source framework for assisted code review,
```

> that allows creating and running custom source code analyzers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that allows creating and running personal source code analyzers.
```

> Typos Corrector encompasses the knowledge obtained from 60 million identifiers present in open source code. It adjusts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typos Corrector encompasses the knowledge obtained from 60 million identifiers present in the world's open source code. It adjusts
```

> to the repository to take local conventions into account during checking. Typos Corrector achieves 93%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to each repository to leverage the local naming conventions. Typos Corrector achieves 93%
```

> accuracy of corrections and has no analogues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accuracy of corrections on our dataset.
```

> The talk will focus on the Typos Corrector architecture, details of its pure Python implementation and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The talk will focus on the Typos Corrector's architecture, details of its pure Python implementation and
```

> problems which arise during applying ML in production of open source tools, which address real-world problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
problems which I hit with applying ML to the real-world problems.
```

# Title of the Talk

**Updates**:  https://github.com/src-d/conferences/issues/133

**Sent on**:  -

**Status**:   on preparation

**Author**:   Irina

> **Bio**: Junior Machine Learning Engineer at source{d}. Persue Master's degree of Computer Science and Data Analysis at MIPT (Moscow

Reviewer: Irina is a Junior Machine Learning Engineer at source{d} (sourced.tech). She pursues a Master's degree in Computer Science and Data Analysis at Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology and is studying at Yandex School of Data Analysis.

Institute of Physics and Technology). Study at Yandex School of Data Analysis.

**Slides**:   -

**Abstract**:

> We all make typos in code. Some are filtered at an early stage with help of IDEs or during compilation and tests.

Reviewer: This is definitely too long. A good abstract is, say, 200 characters. If they ask for a longer description additionally to the abstract, you can use it there.

Still big part of them leaks into the production code: there are more than 1 million typos-connected issues on GitHub (over 100k are open).
So in the end huge amount of typos get to be ponted-out by human reviewers in PRs (or even in production).
It takes a lot of time, concentration and manual correction. And it's very annoying. The time has come to bring some automation in.

> I present typos lookout analyzer - the tool for automatic correction of typos inside source code in Pool Requests on GitHub.

Reviewer: The flow should be:

- Motivation, solved problem statement (1-2 sentences)
- What is Lookout (1 sentence)
- Subject: typos corrector. Better to avoid "analyzer" word as it adds cognitive load. Do write why it is cool. (2-3 sentences)
- Results: 95% accuracy /whatever cool number/ (1 sentence)
- What will you talk about: about Lookout, about typos corrector, about your Python+ML development experience in a real-world problem. (1 sentence)

Avoid: any links, any low level details.
